Oops bro
What happened in such a hurry?
Chu Shuhan has a problem with her identity
How is that possible?
If there is a problem with his identity
Could it be that Mr. Jin Zheng doesn't know?
It's true. I just got the news.
Chu Shuhan is the one who lived the world back then
What was it that the second uncle led the troops to destroy the whole family?
How could the other party not come for revenge?
Even I doubt the second preview
It's not what the Sun family said at all
It was Chu Shuhan who did it
How is that possible?
Not so much for now.
It's important to find Yu'er
Then let's find it separately.
Brother Qin Yue
Your kitchen knife at home is broken.
I'm out looking for someone to fix it
By the way, big brother, why were you so excited just now?
What's up?
What about Chu Chuhan?
He just said that there are still things left in the mansion
I want to go back and pick it up.
Brother, you didn't make a special trip to find him, did you?
Chu Chuhan is home
Yeah, what's wrong?
It's not good to be so coincidental, second uncle